Documented helper function for trace propagation (#35)
signalfx/lambda-nodejs: README.md

  tracer.scope().active().setTag("my-custom-tag", "some-value");
});
```
### Trace context propagation

> There's a built-in support for tracing across AWS Lambda boundaries when:
> - events are coming from Amazon API Gateway AWS Proxy 
> - OR events are executed programatically with a payload in which `headers` field contains B3-compatible key-value pairs, [see B3 spec for more details](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation)
> - AND outgoing requests are executed using HTTP (or HTTPS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wrapper provides some support for trace context propagation across service boundaries. By default, you can propagate trace context across Lambda boundaries in these situations:
- Events are coming in from an Amazon API Gateway and outgoing requests use HTTP/S.
- You programatically execute events with a payload that includes B3-compatible key-value pairs in `headers`.
```

> No other scenarios are supported out-of-the-box (e.g. any requests coming from CloudFront or any Lambda destinations).

Reviewer 2: If CloudFront is configured to allow forwarding tracing headers or all headers then it would work.

Author: Let me recheck this then. From what I've seen in examples, CF's data structure is different, ie. instead of `{headers: {...}}`, there's `{Records: [{headers: {...}}, ...]}`

Reviewer 2: I see. Curious why CF event would have multiple records. Wouldn't a single call from CF represent a single HTTP call?

Author: Looking at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/lambda-examples.html#lambda-examples-redirecting-examples, it should always be just one. I'm not sure why it's `{Records: []}` plural. I think we could support it, but I'd raise another ticket for it, because there's 4 different events with varying level of difficulty of implementation. There's also another subject of supporting propagation in SNS, SQS, and any other data streams, but I guess that should be left to be done manually by the user. DataDog do something with record ids but it's not exactly clear without a deeper look https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/blob/b2de6899d5b7d01e592c4a773013f874ca07c7ca/integration_tests/process-input-traced.js#L47

Reviewer 2: Sounds good.

> No other scenarios are supported out-of-the-box (e.g. any requests coming from CloudFront or any Lambda destinations).
> In that case, if you'd like to implement tracing across AWS Lambda boundaries, you need to implement it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other situations, such as receiving requests from Amazon CloudFront or Lambda destinations, aren't supported by default. In these cases, configure trace context propagation manually.

No other scenarios are supported out-of-the-box (e.g. any requests coming from CloudFront or any Lambda destinations).
In that case, if you'd like to implement tracing across AWS Lambda boundaries, you need to implement it manually.
```

> If you'd like to pass the tracing context forward, for example if you're calling another service using a method 
> different than HTTP (or HTTPS):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to manually configure trace context propagation when you're calling another service using a method that's not HTTP/S:
```
